docs/rule_def.md, before:

## Fields of a rule definition

## Instument a function
- `ImportPath`: The import path of the package that contains the function to be instrumented. e.g. `net/http`.
- `Function`: The name of the function to be instrumented.
- `ReceiverType`: The type of the receiver of the function to be instrumented. e.g. `*http.Server`, `http.Server`.
- `OnEnter`: The name of the function to be called when the instrumented function is called. e.g. `clientOnEnter`.
- `OnExit`: The name of the function to be called when the instrumented function returns. e.g. `clientOnExit`.
- `Order`: The order of the probe code in the instrumented function. e.g. `0`, `1`, `2`.
- `Path`: The path to the directory containing the probe code. The path can be either go module url or local file system path, e.g. `github.com/foo/bar` or `/path/to/probe/code`.
- `Version`: The version of the package that contains the function to be instrumented. e.g. `[1.0.0,1.1.0)`, the version range is `[1.0.0,1.1.0)`, which means the version is greater than or equal to `1.0.0` and less than `1.1.0`.


## Add a new file during compiling package
- `ImportPath`: The import path of the package that contains the function to be instrumented.
- `FileName` : The name of the file to be added.
- `Path`: The path to the directory containing the probe code.

## Add a new field to a struct
- `ImportPath`: The import path of the package that contains the struct to be instrumented.
- `StructType`: The name of the struct to be instrumented.
- `FieldName`: The name of the field to be added.
- `FieldType`: The type of the field to be added.

Commit message:

fix: unable to match target func with generic type receiver

docs/rule_def.md, after:

## Fields of a rule definition

## Instument a function
- `ImportPath`: The import path of the package that contains the function to be instrumented. e.g. `net/http`.
- `Function`: The name of the function to be instrumented.
- `ReceiverType`: The type of the receiver of the function to be instrumented. e.g. `*http.Server`, `http.Server`.
- `OnEnter`: The name of the function to be called when the instrumented function is called. e.g. `clientOnEnter`.
- `OnExit`: The name of the function to be called when the instrumented function returns. e.g. `clientOnExit`.
- `Order`: The order of the probe code in the instrumented function. e.g. `0`, `1`, `2`.
- `Path`: The path to the directory containing the probe code. The path can be either go module url or local file system path, e.g. `github.com/foo/bar` or `/path/to/probe/code`.
- `Version`: The version of the package that contains the function to be instrumented. e.g. `[1.0.0,1.1.0)`, the version range is `[1.0.0,1.1.0)`, which means the version is greater than or equal to `1.0.0` and less than `1.1.0`.

> ![IMPORTANT]
> We dont support generic types in the `ReceiverType` field now.

## Add a new file during compiling package
- `ImportPath`: The import path of the package that contains the function to be instrumented.
- `FileName` : The name of the file to be added.
- `Path`: The path to the directory containing the probe code.

## Add a new field to a struct
- `ImportPath`: The import path of the package that contains the struct to be instrumented.
- `StructType`: The name of the struct to be instrumented.
- `FieldName`: The name of the field to be added.
- `FieldType`: The type of the field to be added.
