docs/supported-libraries.md, before:

## Supported libraries

| Plugin Name  | Repository Url                                 | Min Supported Version | Max Supported Version |
|--------------| ---------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |-----------------------|
| database/sql | https://pkg.go.dev/database/sql                | -                     | -                     |
| echo         | https://github.com/labstack/echo               | v4.0.0                | v4.12.0               |
| elasticsearch| https://github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch    | v8.4.0                | v8.15.0               |
| fasthttp     | https://github.com/valyala/fasthttp            | v1.45.0               | v1.57.0               |
| fiber        | https://github.com/gofiber/fiber               | v2.43.0               | v2.52.5               |
| gin          | https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin               | v1.7.0                | v1.10.0               |
| gorestful     | https://github.com/emicklei/go-restful        | v3.7.0                | v3.12.1               |
| go-redis     | https://github.com/redis/go-redis              | v9.0.5                | v9.5.1                |
| go-redis v8  | https://github.com/redis/go-redis              | v8.11.0               | v8.11.5               |
| gorm         | https://github.com/go-gorm/gorm                | v1.22.0               | v1.25.9               |
| grpc         | https://google.golang.org/grpc                 | v1.44.0               | v1.67.0               |
| hertz        | https://github.com/cloudwego/hertz             | v0.8.0                | v0.9.2                |
| kitex        | https://github.com/cloudwego/kitex             | v0.5.1                |  v0.11.3              |
| kratos       | https://github.com/go-kratos/kratos            | v2.6.3                | v2.8.2                |
| log          | https://pkg.go.dev/log                         | -                     | -                     |
| logrus       | https://github.com/sirupsen/logrus             | v1.5.0                | v1.9.3                |
| mongodb      | https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-go-driver     | v1.11.1               | v1.15.2               |
| mux          | https://github.com/gorilla/mux                 | v1.3.0                | v1.8.1                |
| nacos        | https://github.com/nacos-group/nacos-sdk-go/v2 | v2.0.0                | v2.2.7                |
| net/http     | https://pkg.go.dev/net/http                    | -                     | -                     |
| redigo       | https://github.com/gomodule/redigo             | v1.9.0                | v1.9.2                |
| slog         | https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog                    | -                     | -                     |
| zap          | https://github.com/uber-go/zap                 | v1.20.0               | v1.27.0               |
| zerolog      | https://github.com/rs/zerolog                  | v1.10.0               | v1.33.0               |

Commit message:

to filter client stream span (#270)
* to filter client stream span

* delete stream test

* delete stream test

docs/supported-libraries.md, after:

## Supported libraries

| Plugin Name  | Repository Url                                 | Min Supported Version | Max Supported Version |
|--------------| ---------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |-----------------------|
| database/sql | https://pkg.go.dev/database/sql                | -                     | -                     |
| echo         | https://github.com/labstack/echo               | v4.0.0                | v4.12.0               |
| elasticsearch| https://github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch    | v8.4.0                | v8.15.0               |
| fasthttp     | https://github.com/valyala/fasthttp            | v1.45.0               | v1.57.0               |
| fiber        | https://github.com/gofiber/fiber               | v2.43.0               | v2.52.5               |
| gin          | https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin               | v1.7.0                | v1.10.0               |
| gorestful     | https://github.com/emicklei/go-restful        | v3.7.0                | v3.12.1               |
| go-redis     | https://github.com/redis/go-redis              | v9.0.5                | v9.5.1                |
| go-redis v8  | https://github.com/redis/go-redis              | v8.11.0               | v8.11.5               |
| gorm         | https://github.com/go-gorm/gorm                | v1.22.0               | v1.25.9               |
| grpc         | https://google.golang.org/grpc                 | v1.44.0               | v1.68.2               |
| hertz        | https://github.com/cloudwego/hertz             | v0.8.0                | v0.9.2                |
| kitex        | https://github.com/cloudwego/kitex             | v0.5.1                | v0.11.3               |
| kratos       | https://github.com/go-kratos/kratos            | v2.6.3                | v2.8.2                |
| log          | https://pkg.go.dev/log                         | -                     | -                     |
| logrus       | https://github.com/sirupsen/logrus             | v1.5.0                | v1.9.3                |
| mongodb      | https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-go-driver     | v1.11.1               | v1.15.2               |
| mux          | https://github.com/gorilla/mux                 | v1.3.0                | v1.8.1                |
| nacos        | https://github.com/nacos-group/nacos-sdk-go/v2 | v2.0.0                | v2.2.7                |
| net/http     | https://pkg.go.dev/net/http                    | -                     | -                     |
| redigo       | https://github.com/gomodule/redigo             | v1.9.0                | v1.9.2                |
| slog         | https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog                    | -                     | -                     |
| zap          | https://github.com/uber-go/zap                 | v1.20.0               | v1.27.0               |
| zerolog      | https://github.com/rs/zerolog                  | v1.10.0               | v1.33.0               |

### Notice

#### grpc stream is not support yet
