docs/usage.md, before:

# `Otel` Usage Guide

## Introduction
This guide provides a detailed overview of configuring and using the otel tool effectively. This tool allows you to set various configuration options, build your projects, and customize your workflow for optimal performance.

## Configuration
The primary method of configuring the tool is through the `otel set` command. This command allows you to specify various settings tailored to your needs:

Logging: Set a custom log file to store logs generated by the tool.
```console
  $ otel set -log=/path/to/file.log
```
The default log file is `.otel-build/preprocess/debug.log`. You can
log to stdout by setting `-log=/dev/stdout`.

Verbose Logging: Enable verbose logging to receive detailed output from the tool, which is helpful for troubleshooting and understanding the tool's processes.
```console
  $ otel set -verbose
```

Debug Mode: Turn on debug mode to gather debug-level insights and information.
```console
  $ otel set -debug
```

Multiple Configurations: Set multiple configurations at once. For instance, enable both debug and verbose modes while using a custom rule file:
```console
  $ otel set -debug -verbose -rule=custom.json
```

Custom Rules Only: Disable the default rule set and apply only specific custom rules. This is particularly useful when you need a tailored rule set for your project.
```console
  $ otel set -disabledefault -rule=custom.json
```

Combination of Default and Custom Rules: Use both the default rules and custom rules to provide a comprehensive configuration:
```console
  $ otel set -rule=custom.json
```

Multiple Rule Files: Combine multiple custom rule files along with the default rules, which can be specified as a comma-separated list:
```console
  $ otel set -rule=a.json,b.json
```

## Using Environment Variables
In addition to using the `otel set` command, configuration can also be overridden using environment variables. For example, the `OTELTOOL_DEBUG` environment variable allows you to force the tool into debug mode temporarily, making this approach effective for one-time configurations without altering permanent settings.

```console
$ export OTELTOOL_DEBUG=true
$ export OTELTOOL_VERBOSE=true
```

The names of the environment variables correspond to the configuration options available in the `otel set` command with the `OTELTOOL_` prefix.

Full List of Environment Variables:

- `OTELTOOL_DEBUG`: Enable debug mode.
- `OTELTOOL_VERBOSE`: Enable verbose logging.
- `OTELTOOL_RULE_JSON_FILES`: Specify custom rule files.
- `OTELTOOL_DISABLE_DEFAULT`: Disable default rules.

This approach provides flexibility for testing changes and experimenting with configurations without permanently altering your existing setup.

## Building Projects
Once configurations are in place, you can build your project with prefixed `otel` commands. This integrates the tool's configuration directly into the build process:

Standard Build: Build your project with default settings.
```console
  $ otel go build
```

Output to Specific Location: Build your project and specify an output location.
```console
  $ otel go build -o app cmd/app
```

Passing Compiler Flags: Use compiler flags for more customized builds.
```console
  $ otel go build -gcflags="-m" cmd/app
```
No matter how complex your project is, the otel tool simplifies the process by automatically instrumenting your code for effective observability, the only requirement being the addition of the `otel` prefix to your build commands.

Commit message:

fix: pull latest rules from pkg module

docs/usage.md, after:

# `Otel` Usage Guide

## Introduction
This guide provides a detailed overview of configuring and using the otel tool effectively. This tool allows you to set various configuration options, build your projects, and customize your workflow for optimal performance.

## Configuration
The primary method of configuring the tool is through the `otel set` command. This command allows you to specify various settings tailored to your needs:

Logging: Set a custom log file to store logs generated by the tool.
```console
  $ otel set -log=/path/to/file.log
```
The default log file is `.otel-build/preprocess/debug.log`. You can
log to stdout by setting `-log=/dev/stdout`.

Verbose Logging: Enable verbose logging to receive detailed output from the tool, which is helpful for troubleshooting and understanding the tool's processes.
```console
  $ otel set -verbose
```

Debug Mode: Turn on debug mode to gather debug-level insights and information.
```console
  $ otel set -debug
```

Multiple Configurations: Set multiple configurations at once. For instance, enable both debug and verbose modes while using a custom rule file:
```console
  $ otel set -debug -verbose -rule=custom.json
```

Custom Rules Only: Disable the default rule set and apply only specific custom rules. This is particularly useful when you need a tailored rule set for your project.
```console
  $ otel set -disabledefault -rule=custom.json
```

Combination of Default and Custom Rules: Use both the default rules and custom rules to provide a comprehensive configuration:
```console
  $ otel set -rule=custom.json
```

Multiple Rule Files: Combine multiple custom rule files along with the default rules, which can be specified as a comma-separated list:
```console
  $ otel set -rule=a.json,b.json
```

Force Pkg Module: Force the tool to use a specific pkg module, which is useful when you need to ensure that the tool operates with a particular version or commit of a module.
```console
  $ otel set -pkgmodule=commit-hash
```

## Using Environment Variables
In addition to using the `otel set` command, configuration can also be overridden using environment variables. For example, the `OTELTOOL_DEBUG` environment variable allows you to force the tool into debug mode temporarily, making this approach effective for one-time configurations without altering permanent settings.

```console
$ export OTELTOOL_DEBUG=true
$ export OTELTOOL_VERBOSE=true
```

The names of the environment variables correspond to the configuration options available in the `otel set` command with the `OTELTOOL_` prefix.

Full List of Environment Variables:

- `OTELTOOL_DEBUG`: Enable debug mode.
- `OTELTOOL_VERBOSE`: Enable verbose logging.
- `OTELTOOL_RULE_JSON_FILES`: Specify custom rule files.
- `OTELTOOL_DISABLE_DEFAULT`: Disable default rules.

This approach provides flexibility for testing changes and experimenting with configurations without permanently altering your existing setup.

## Building Projects
Once configurations are in place, you can build your project with prefixed `otel` commands. This integrates the tool's configuration directly into the build process:

Standard Build: Build your project with default settings.
```console
  $ otel go build
```

Output to Specific Location: Build your project and specify an output location.
```console
  $ otel go build -o app cmd/app
```

Passing Compiler Flags: Use compiler flags for more customized builds.
```console
  $ otel go build -gcflags="-m" cmd/app
```
No matter how complex your project is, the otel tool simplifies the process by automatically instrumenting your code for effective observability, the only requirement being the addition of the `otel` prefix to your build commands.
